docs(bodiless-documentation): Add Site Build Guide (#131)
johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS: packages/bodiless-documentation/doc/Development/Guides/BuildingSites/IdentifyingComponentsGuide.md

# Guide in Identifying Components & Variations

> 

Reviewer: Again I'd put here an introductory paragraph, somethign like:

While it's always best practice to begin your site-build with a design system and accompanying styleguide provided by a designer, this is not always possible.  Maybe you want to rebuild an existing site, or maybe your creative partners don't work that way.  In such cases...

Author: Resolved

# Guide in Identifying Components & Variations

While it's always best practice to begin the site-build with a design system
and accompanying styleguide provided by a designer, this is not always possible.
Maybe you want to rebuild an existing site, or maybe your creative partners
don't work that way. In such cases, a site builder can look through an existing
site that is being rebuilt or the site design assets and choose how to build it

> out as components. A good guide would be try keep components as small as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
out as components. Note: try to keep components as small as
```

> possible and that can be reused or composed together to create more complex

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
possible so that they can be reused or composed together to create more complex
```

* List Component extended for Bullet Points
  * `<EditableBulletPoints nodeKey="bulletpoints" />`
* FlowContainer area where Touts (or actually any component) can be added.
  * `<FlowContainerDefault nodeKey={HOME_PAGE_PATH} />`

Thus we would have to build out or extend these components to create the page.

## Variations of Components

The components could come with variations.

Let's take the a header image on a page. You may see variations of this header
image such as:

* A title that overlays the image in center
* A title changes how it overlays (left, right, bottom alignments)
* A title & caption are both present.
* and probably some other variations...

One component could be built and apply different style variations to produce a
component that meets this requirement. In the above example, you could build a
page banner component that is composed of Image, Rich Text Editor Simple for the
title, Rich Text Editor Full for the caption. Then create style variations to
control the design of title, captions and placement of the title & captions. In
addition, you could create a variation that removes the caption and it will
render with only image & title.  

## Reviewing a Site

> So as you review a site assets (or existing site) generate a list of individual

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So as you review site assets (or existing site), generate a list of individual
```

components that are used throughout each page. As you review, track the

> different variations that are seen (which are often same type of content and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
different variations that are seen (which are often the same type of content and
```

> displayed visually slightly differently.) This is also good time to find the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
displayed visually slightly differently.) This is also a good time to find the
```
